README.md, before:

# sfui - The Smartforce UI Library

<!-- [![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/sfui.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sfui) -->

[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com)

## Install

```bash
npm install --save git+https://github.com/AdventosCorp/sfui.git
```

## Usage

```tsx
import React, { Component } from 'react';

import { SFButton } from 'sfui';

class Example extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <SFButton sfColor='blue' variant='outlined' size='small'>
        Click Me
      </SFButton>
    );
  }
}
```

### Story creation format

As a convention, when writing the stories, they have to meet the following conditions:

- It must have alphabetical order in all props displayed on the docs in storybook:

  This is added with the "parameters: { controls: { sort: 'alpha' } }" line of code.

  Example:

  ```tsx
  export default {
    title: 'Components/SFAlert',
    component: SFAlert,
    parameters: { controls: { sort: 'alpha' } },
    args: {},
    argTypes: {}
  };
  ```

- By default, all components in the story should have the object properties disabled on the table in order to avoid stories having errors for bad property usage:

  This is done by adding 'disable' prop to 'true' on argTypes table prop.

  Example:

  ```tsx
  argTypes: {
    children: {
      table: {
        disable: true;
      }
    }
  }
  ```

- Functions and/or callbacks fired by the component should be disabled for interaction on the table and add the action corresponding to it's prop definition:

  This could be done by following storybook [action's guideline](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/essentials/actions#action-args).

  In addition to the guideline, to avoid stories from stop working due to bad property assignment, you should add this:

  ```tsx
    control: {
      disabled: true
    },
  ```

All needed information on how to create a story and other related matters, please follow [Storybook's Page](https://storybook.js.org/)

## Example app

You can try a demo app deployed into github pages [here](https://adventoscorp.github.io/sfui/).

## Development tools

- We have based our react components library on [create-react-library](https://js.coach/package/create-react-library) project.
- We have based ours react components on [Material-UI](https://material-ui.com/) library. Also we have used:
  - [Material-UI Pickers](https://material-ui-pickers.dev/), using [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) to handle dates.
  - [Material Table](https://material-table.com/).
- We have added the svg icon library [icon54](https://icon54.com/) based on [icomoon](https://icomoon.io/) project.
- We have added [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) to test isolated components.
- We have added support for [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) language.
- We have added support for [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) and [Css Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules)
- We have added [Github Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions) for CI.

## Development scripts

### Into the root folder

```bash
# runs the sfui library locally.
npm run start
```

```bash
# builds the sfui library locally.
npm run build
```

```bash
# runs the sfui library into the storybook environment.
npm run storybook
```

```bash
# deploys the example app into github pages.
npm run deploy
```

### Into the example/ folder

```bash
# runs the example app locally.
npm run start
```

## License

MIT © [SmartForce Technologies, Inc.](https://github.com/AdventosCorp)

Commit message:

Made steps to write story more descriptive

README.md, after:

# sfui - The Smartforce UI Library

<!-- [![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/sfui.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sfui) -->

[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com)

## Install

```bash
npm install --save git+https://github.com/AdventosCorp/sfui.git
```

## Usage

```tsx
import React, { Component } from 'react';

import { SFButton } from 'sfui';

class Example extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <SFButton sfColor='blue' variant='outlined' size='small'>
        Click Me
      </SFButton>
    );
  }
}
```

### Story creation format

Every time you add a new story, you should add the url of the base component's [MUI API](https://v4.mui.com/) to the StorybookWrapper component.

Each story must describe the component's functionality with all the controls needed to do so, if necessary, you can create more than one story to make the component's functionality as clear as possible.

As a convention, when writing the stories, You have to take into account the following conditions:

- All controls props must be ordered alphabetically on the docs in the storybook:

  To do this You must add the props "parameters: { controls: { sort: 'alpha' } }" into the story config.

  Example:

  ```tsx
  export default {
    title: 'Components/SFAlert',
    component: SFAlert,
    parameters: { controls: { sort: 'alpha' } },
    args: {},
    argTypes: {}
  };
  ```

- By default, all controls of type object into the story should be disabled on the table in order to avoid stories having errors for bad property usage:

  To do this You must add the props "table: { disable: true}" on argTypes prop into the story config.

  Example:

  ```tsx
  argTypes: {
    children: {
      table: {
        disable: true;
      }
    }
  }
  ```

- Functions/callbacks triggered by the component actions should be disabled on the table and add the action corresponding to its prop definition:

  This could be done by following storybook [action's guideline](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/essentials/actions#action-args).

  In addition to the guideline, to avoid stories from stop working due to bad property assignment, you should add this:

  ```tsx
    control: {
      disabled: true
    },
  ```

- If a property added to a component or the extended properties from the component lack of description, you must add it to the story:

  ```tsx
  prop: {
    description: 'Some text describing the prop functionality';
  }
  ```

All needed information on how to create a story and other related matters, please follow [Storybook's Page](https://storybook.js.org/)

## Example app

You can try a demo app deployed into github pages [here](https://adventoscorp.github.io/sfui/).

## Development tools

- We have based our react components library on [create-react-library](https://js.coach/package/create-react-library) project.
- We have based ours react components on [Material-UI](https://material-ui.com/) library. Also we have used:
  - [Material-UI Pickers](https://material-ui-pickers.dev/), using [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) to handle dates.
  - [Material Table](https://material-table.com/).
- We have added the svg icon library [icon54](https://icon54.com/) based on [icomoon](https://icomoon.io/) project.
- We have added [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) to test isolated components.
- We have added support for [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) language.
- We have added support for [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) and [Css Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules)
- We have added [Github Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions) for CI.

## Development scripts

### Into the root folder

```bash
# runs the sfui library locally.
npm run start
```

```bash
# builds the sfui library locally.
npm run build
```

```bash
# runs the sfui library into the storybook environment.
npm run storybook
```

```bash
# deploys the example app into github pages.
npm run deploy
```

### Into the example/ folder

```bash
# runs the example app locally.
npm run start
```

## License

MIT © [SmartForce Technologies, Inc.](https://github.com/AdventosCorp)
